Hahahah..
I feel like the stereotype though is that women are English majors.
That's very true, that's very true
What's the opposite of matriarchy?
A patriarchy and a matriarchy. What's a patriarchy?
Womp womp
What's that?
Haahahaha
A chauvinist?
yeah
Hahaha
Good luck.
Hahaha.Nothing
Sula Sula
that's a book with a woman
It's about a woman who kills her own child
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Like a kid's book?
No
Uh-uh. No. I'd like it.
pinky
Idon't know what's interesting
You know the one where she eats lima beans and she changes color or something?
si si
I will I feel like it's a 50-50,a man or woman
It was a man by the way. It was a spy school.
Spy school, spy ehehe
spy ! spy school
No, I do not mumble.
Thought so.
Not an appreciated book.The great literature
a spy fiction
So, What did you like? What did you like?
Wasn't it? Was it massive, girl?
ehh
I was just wondering. I was just wondering.Haahaha
Hahhaha
Why are you doing that?
Well, I'm like ,I what (***)
Wait, every time I approach a cat, they run away. I'm like
And then i
Walk quietly and then they're like
Then when they notice me they like run away I was like I don't know
Haahaahaa..
I didn't mean to.
I didn't read the warrior accounts.
I was one of the top readers.
Hello to 33rd best elementary school in California, Jack L. Weaver High School.
Yeah.  Jack L. Weaver Elementary School.
Yeah
Bless my parents too.
and one time I went to the media center and I rented out a book, right?
Then I returned it and then it was like four months later. They gave me this book fine. It was like I
30 bucks. I was like, what the heck? I returned this book.
And then wait.